open_quest_ui script command (#6662)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

---------------------------------------

> *open_quest_ui({<quest ID>});

Reviewer: Since we almost do it everywhere - add optional char id?

Opens the quest UI for the attached player or the given character ID.

> If the quest ID is not 0, the UI is opened at the given quest with the condtions that the quest must exist in quest_db.yml and in the character quest log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use 0 as the quest ID to open the main quest UI. If the quest ID is not 0 then the quest UI is opened to the given quest. If the quest data is not populated in the client LUB then a message will be displayed saying the quest doesn't exist.
```
